loch raven reservoir is peaceful in late
fall the leaves have changed and are now
falling many people are taking advantage
of the mild November temperatures by
coming out to loch raven reservoir area
to enjoy its many amenities people
especially come here to hike the many
paths of the Loch Raven area many come
here to check out the scenery or just to
get their daily exercise some even come
here to take in the serenity that the
reservoir offers it's real nice to come
over the dam this time of year with the
fall on all the foliage and everything
take a nice look at the scenery and it
always reminds me about my parents grown
up used to bring you over the dam all
the time as a kid when you were allowed
to play on it so it's really nice to
just come on over and take everything in
and reflect a little bit the first stop
in to the Loch Raven reservoir area is
the Loch Raven damn bill and Katie Baker
a couple from New York travel down to
maryland and wanted to see what was
offered to travelers looking to get away
from the city some of their friends that
live nearby told them to check out the
Loch Raven reservoir they said that they
have enjoyed loch raven because of the
serene surroundings they found the Loch
Raven damn calming because the continual
rushing water that passes over the dam
there were also several families that
came to feed the geese that migrate here
annually after their walk around part of
the reservoir they stopped to give the
gates and food Allison the little girl
seemed to really enjoy herself while
getting to feed the geese many people
also come to take their dogs for a walk
even though they must remain unleashed
at all times it seems that the owners
and their dogs get more of a sense of
freedom just because they are away from
the city also justin townes lee also
used to live in maryland and will always
remember the area I grown up in
Maryland's a kid I used to drive through
the reservoir every day on the way to
high school and moved to Charlotte a
while back and back in town visiting my
parents now and brought my girlfriend
with me decided to walk on through the
reservoir and show her the area part of
part of where I grew up the main trail
that I checked out with the glen ellyn
seminary trail the glen ellyn seminary
trail is widely used and is about 12
miles long
that runs along the reservoir almost the
entire way everything feels so called
walking the path of the 1d trail I even
came upon a sort of geared seems very
curious they stood still the entire time
I watched them and continue to eat as if
I wasn't even there at the end of the
day when the Sun Goes Down loch raven
reservoir remains an untouched part of
nature that Marylanders can come back to
time and again